The scent of fried scallions and fine cuisine floods the air.
The sizzle of oil could be heard throughout the kitchen.
It was just another normal day at the restaurant.
A bustle of customers would come in, and orders would be made.
Braised leeks with mozzarella and fried eggs, lamb salad with fregola, and scallop sashimi with Meyer lemon confit were carried out from the kitchen to the tables.
As the orders kept coming from the customers, our confidence soured; business was simply booming.
The bell, which was attached to the door, suddenly rang.
As I glanced up to greet the customer, I nearly fainted from shock.
The man by the door was none other than Gordon Ramsy; in summary, we had landed in a deathtrap.

“Just act natural,” said the head chef.
I walked up to his table to greet him.
“May I take your order?” I asked.“Yes, I would like to take a lamb salad with fregola,” he replied. He then spotted another menu item. “Also, what is this . . . aloha pineapple hamburger?”
“It’s a chef’s special,” I nervously answered. Ramsay stared at me with a look of disgust. “Bloody hell, he said. “I ought to try some of that.” I chuckled nervously, closed the menu and walked back to the kitchen, preparing myself to feel the force of Ramsay’s wrath.
The instant I closed the door behind me, the entire team of chefs  began frantically cooking his dishes, preparing to create the greatest culinary masterpiece for the god that sat outside the kitchen.
We had lost our composure. Skillets fell, ingredients were being thrown and caught from one side of the kitchen to the next.
At one point, I think somebody’s clothing caught on fire and it spread throughout the kitchen. Though the raging inferno, however, we kept cooking like our lives depended on it.
Cooking under pressure was definitely not our specialty.
After two minutes of blood, sweat, and tears, we had created the greatest dishes of all time: shining and sparkling lamb salad and a hamburger patty with a slice of pineapple. Perfection.
As a waiter confidently brought out the sizzling and delicious plates, the head chef and I confidently beamed at our handiwork.
First, Gordon took a bite of the aloha burger.
The juices from the thick beef patty burst out, flavors enriched with the sweet nectar of the pineapple. The crunch of lettuce was to die for, and the buttered and soft burger buns sank beneath his teeth.
One look at Gordon Ramsy and we knew that he loved it. The whole crew cheered with joy, but it was not over yet.
Ramsy moved on to the lamb salad.
He started to dig through the dish as though he was dissecting an animal.
He picked through the string beans and tomatoes, then started to spread apart the meat fibers with his fork and knife.
This was impossible; we had fine-tuned his dish to perfection. Every bean, leaf, and lamb had been cooked to perfection.
I glanced over to the head chef and noticed something: he was also sweating buckets.
After digging into the lamb salad thoroughly and not taking a single bite, Gordon Ramsay called over the waiter. “It’s dreadful. Absolutely dreadful. Tell your chefs to get out here.”
The waiter returned with a beet-red face and shaking knees.
He told us that Ramsey wanted to see the chefs that cooked the meal.
I gulped and tried to muster my confidence.
The head chef and I went over to his table and waited for our execution.
As I stood before the sitting Ramsey, I felt as though his powerful aura towered over me. Every single one of my survival instincts told me to run out the restaurant and prepare a plane ticket to Antarctica.
“Wha-what’s the problem chef?” I fidgeted nervously and adjusted my apron.
I looked over the plate to see what the problem was.
I suddenly realized that I had made a severe and deadly lapse in my judgement: we had forgotten to include a vital and holy ingredient.
My face turned pale and my eyes widened in horror.
In a roar of rage, Ramsay grabbed me by the collar and slammed me against the wall.
He screamed into my ear the words that would forever haunt me: “WHERE’S THE LAMB SAUCE!?”
